Friends here I'm providing some list of
general purpose command sand helped to use all those commands, S0.
These are the, some of the general purpose commands.
And apart from this, you are having many more commands in your index word,
but these are the minimum commands you have to know to write f2 shell scripts.
That's fine.
C, along with these commands,
there are two more commands like what is unmanned.
By using these two commands,
you know the description part of your commands and how to use your command.
You don't have to Google it for your command.
You can also get the information about your command and
the uses of your command from your Linux terminal itself.
Suppose, let me take very simple command called PWD.
You know, generally PWD is nothing but current working better tree.
Suppose if I use what is PWD,
then it will use the symbol description about your command.
Print name of current working directory,
return working directory name.
Suppose I don't know how to use that,
then simply use man PWD so that it will do the uses of that command.
Not only that, let me take one more command.
Let's say I want to take what is what is itself.
Display manual, page description of your command.
Not only that, you can take,
let's say I wanted to do something like Who am I?
See that print f2 user ID.
Suppose that it leaf I run,
Who am I command?
It is giving the logged in user.
So if you observe here, actually,
I am working with automation user,
username, which we do by this.
Who am I command?
Suppose if you don't know how to use that simply run man, who am I?
It will do the detailed syntax and usage of your command.
That's it. Okay?
Okay, thank you.